Fix transaction cost. (#84)
Concordium/concordium-wallet-proxy: ChangeLog.md

## Unreleased changes

## 0.26.1

> - Fix bug in transactionCost which expected a block hash header in response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug in `transactionCost` caused by code that incorrectly assumed a block hash header to be present in a response.
```

Author: I don't think this level of detail is needed.
